Now that the null values
are gone we can start to analyze
your data a little further.
What we're going to look at
is categorical variables and
examine the frequency of each value.
Why do we care about the frequency
of the group within the variable?
Well if we have a very small percentage
of a group it may be hard to either one,
predict it.
Or two, use it as a predictive variable.
For example,
if we have a predictive variable such as
do they have an international plan or
not?
And the data is very
skewed to the true or
the false side then it wouldn't be
a very helpful predictive variable.
There are some advanced techniques to
correct for this, such as over sampling.
But we won't go into them for
this course.
If you do want to learn
more about over sampling,
there's a link in
the notes on this page.
For now let's use the tools in to
determine the frequency of our
categorical variables.